demo/README.md, before:

# Demo

All steps are meant to be run on the hub cluster except when explicitely said.

## Set up OCP and RHACM

For this demo you will need at least two OCP clusters with one of them (the hub) having at least machines of kind XXX in order to have enough resources for Loki
 
1. Create two OCP clusters
1. Install the Red Hat Advanced Cluster Management operator.
1. Run `oc create ns openshift-logging && oc create ns openshift-operators-redhat`.
1. Create a `MultiClusterHub` resource.
1. *Until Logging 5.8 is released* Deploy Loki Operator manually from main using `make olm-deploy REGISTRY_BASE=quay.io/jmarcal "VERSION=0.1.0-$(git rev-parse --short HEAD)" VARIANT=openshift`
1. Import each spoke cluster RHACM via the web console, using the commands option. Run the commands on the each spoke cluster

## Configure multi cluster on the hub cluster

1. Set the necessary values in `demo/multi-cluster-logging/values.yaml` and deploy `helm upgrade --install mcl demo/multi-cluster-logging/`. This Helm chart will bootstrap configuration on the hub cluster to enabled it to receive logs from the spoke clustes.
1. Run `oc label --overwrite managedcluster/local-cluster cluster.open-cluster-management.io/clusterset=hub-logging-clusters` to label the local-cluster so that the policy applies to it

## AddOn installation
1. Deploy the addon by running `oc apply -k deploy/`, before running the command make sure to point the image to your registry.
1. Set the values in `demo/addon-install/values.yaml` and then deploy it with `helm upgrade --install addon-install demo/addon-install/`. This chart will deploy the `ManagedClusterAddOn` to install the AddOn on the spoke clusters and it will deploy the `AddOnDeploymentConfig` resource to configure the AddOn for each cluster. If `certManagerCerts` is enabled it will also configure a Self sign CA and provision certificates for the clusters and to the local-cluster
1. Run the script `./demo/hack/ca-propagation.sh CLUSTER_NAME` to create the CAs configMaps in the openshift-logging namespace. The first time you run it it will also propagate the local-cluster CA to openshift-monitoring

Commit message:

Reworked demo to make it shorter

demo/README.md, after:

# Demo

All steps are meant to be run on the hub cluster except when explicitely said.

### Set up OCP and RHACM

For this demo you will need at least two AWS OCP clusters with one of them (the hub) having at least machines of flavor `m6a.4xlarge` in order to have enough resources for Loki. You will also need to have a S3 Bucket in the same region as the hub cluster.
 
1. Create two OCP clusters
1. Install the Red Hat Advanced Cluster Management operator.
1. Run `oc create ns openshift-logging && oc create ns openshift-operators-redhat`.
1. Create a `MultiClusterHub` resource.
1. *Until Logging 5.8 is released* Deploy Loki Operator manually from main using `make olm-deploy REGISTRY_BASE=quay.io/jmarcal "VERSION=0.1.0-$(git rev-parse --short HEAD)" VARIANT=openshift`
1. Import each spoke cluster RHACM via the web console, using the commands option. Run the commands on the each spoke cluster

### Configure multi cluster on the hub cluster

1. Set the necessary values in `demo/multi-cluster-logging/values.yaml` and deploy `helm upgrade --install mcl demo/multi-cluster-logging/`. This Helm chart will bootstrap configuration on the hub cluster to enabled it to receive logs from the spoke clustes.
1. Run `oc label --overwrite managedcluster/local-cluster cluster.open-cluster-management.io/clusterset=hub-logging-clusters` to label the local-cluster so that the policy applies to it.

## AddOn installation
1. Deploy the addon controller by running `oc apply -k deploy/`.
1. Set the values in `demo/addon-install/values.yaml` and then deploy it with `helm upgrade --install addon-install demo/addon-install/`. This chart will deploy the `ManagedClusterAddOn` to install the AddOn on the spoke clusters and it will deploy the `AddOnDeploymentConfig` resource to configure the AddOn for each spoke cluster. If `certManagerCerts` is enabled it will also create a ConfigMap in openshift-logging with CA bundle of each spoke cluster.
